Quantum Mechanics - The set of rules that govern the behavior of objects such as
atoms, molecules, and light. Quantum computers use these rules to solve some
problems that classical computers have a hard time with.
2. Quantum objects - Objects such as atoms, molecules, and light which follow the rules
of quantum mechanics.
3. Energy - Energy is a property that tells us how hot something is, or how fast it is moving,
or how fast it could move. In our everyday experience, energy is continuous - if you want
your food to be a little warmer, you can heat it in the microwave for a few seconds. There
is no limit to how much or how little energy you can give to an object.
4. Quantum properties - The counterintuitive behavior of atoms and molecules can be
summarized into five quantum properties.
a. Discretization - In atoms and molecules, energy is discrete. This means that
only some values of energy are allowed. These allowed values of energy are also
called energy levels. Discretization allows quantum objects to be used for
computing - their energy levels can be used as 0 and 1.
b. Superposition - Quantum objects can be in a combination of multiple possible
states. For example, in an atom, electrons are in a superposition of many
possible positions.
c. Interference - The possible states of quantum objects can add up or cancel out.
An example of interference is noise cancelling headphones, which produce
sound waves that cancel out external noise through interference. The fact that
atoms and molecules show similar behavior hints at their wave-like nature.
d. Entanglement - Two quantum objects are entangled if the state of one object
depends on the state of another. If you know the state of one quantum object,
you know the state of the other. Entanglement does not depend on distance -
entangled quantum particles remain entangled if they are separated by millions of
miles. Entanglement is a property of multiple (two or more) quantum
objects, unlike the earlier properties which can happen with one object.
e. Measurement - There are two ways in which measurement of quantum objects
is different from measurement in our everyday experience
i. The results of measurements on quantum objects can be random, that
is, we might not be able to predict the exact outcome of the measurement
ii. The state of the quantum object being measured can change as a
result of the measurement.
