1. Wave properties: Waves, such as sound waves and water waves, travel with a certain
velocity. Further, waves interact with each other to form complex patterns in a process
called interference. Sometimes waves can add onto each other to create a bigger wave
(constructive interference), and sometimes waves can cancel each other out
(destructive interference)

2. Particle properties: Particles, such as soccer balls, have mass, have a definite, discrete
location, and also travel with a certain velocity.
3. Double-slit experiment: The double-slit experiment helps differentiate between waves
and particles. In this experiment, the wave or particle is aimed at two slits (two openings
in an opaque barrier), behind which is a plain wall. Particles pass through either the left
or the right slit, and create two lines of discrete spots on the wall. Waves passing
through the slits interfere with each other and create a pattern of bright and dark lines on
the wall.

4. Wave-particle duality: Quantum objects show both wave-like and particle-like
properties. When quantum objects, such as electrons or photons (particles of light), are
used in a double slit experiment, they create discrete spots (like particles) but the spots
are arranged in an interference pattern (like waves). Because of wave-particle duality, we
can think of qubits as both waves and particles.
5. Superposition with waves: Superposition is a consequence of wave-particle duality.
Using the wave nature of qubits, we can represent the two states of the qubit (0 and 1)
with two waves. To create a superposition state, we can combine these waves.

6. Interference with waves: Interference is also a consequence of wave-particle duality, and
can be described as the addition or subtraction of the waves representing qubit states.
Both superposition and interference involve overlap between waves.
7. Discretization with waves: The discreteness of the quantum world arises when quantum
objects are confined. Confinement of waves forces them to only take certain shapes or
energies, much like the waves on the string of a musical instrument fixed at two ends. In
the quantum world, confinement can exist naturally (for example, in a trapped ion qubit,
where the negatively charged electron is confined by the positively charged nucleus) or
be created artificially (such as through electric circuits in superconducting qubits).
